IK-280TS (#232)
imagekitio/docs-keep-a-changelog: features/image-transformations/README.md

You can overlay multiple images or colored rectangles on your original image directly from the URL. If you happen to change the overlay image, it can be done in minutes instead of days.

> Here we have put the ImageKit.io logo ([https://ik.imagekit.io/demo/logo-white\_SJwqB4Nfe.png](https://ik.imagekit.io/demo/logo-white\_SJwqB4Nfe.png)) on another image using overlay syntac i.e. `l-image,i-logo-white_SJwqB4Nfe.png,l-end`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we have put the ImageKit.io logo ([https://ik.imagekit.io/demo/logo-white\_SJwqB4Nfe.png](https://ik.imagekit.io/demo/logo-white\_SJwqB4Nfe.png)) on another image using layer overlay syntax i.e. `l-image,i-logo-white_SJwqB4Nfe.png,l-end`
```

**Learn more about image overlay**

{% content-ref url="overlay-using-layers.md" %}
[overlay.md](overlay-using-layers.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

> ![https://ik.imagekit.io/demo/tr:h-300l-image,i-logo-whit\_SJwqB4Nfe.png,l-end/medium\_cafe\_B1iTdD0C.jpg](../../.gitbook/assets/overlay-image.jpg)

Reviewer: URL not working
